README.md, before:

Well hello there. Below is who hopefulhumanist is in a nutshell.


As an introduction, you can call me infidelis. My government issued, parentally-chosen name shall continue to remain need-to-know. I hail from the southeastern United States, but my current location may very well be there, New York, London, Tokyo, Nice (France), Cambridge (UK), or any number of other places. I have been travelling pretty frequently for the last few years in an effort to take on as much new knowledge and experience as possible. If you would like to reach me directly, feel free to contact me via HOPHUM@PROTON.ME, or via Wickr or Wire at username "infidelis".


I am currently working in a community relations role for two different blockchain/crypto/decentralization projects. One of these was founded by my colleague and I, and the other will remain unnamed in an effort to avoid any contract breaches. That being said, I am currently seeking alternative positions in which I can use my skills with community growth and management, product management, writing, content creation, marketing, and public relations. If you or someone you know needs help in such areas, please feel free to contact me directly. 


Alongside working on multiple projects in a professional capacity, I am currently working to develop skills as a software developer, security engineer, and data analyst. These things are difficult prompts, so if you have any suggestions I would appreciate them.


As aforementioned, I am seeking to collaborate with projects who need help in the non-technical arena--community engagement, community growth, technical write-ups, content creation, translation (I speak German and English proficiently, and am conversational in Spanish), product management, user moderation, data analysis, presentation development, marketing, problem resolution, or the like. 


If you have an interest in learning more about me, feel free to ask me about my education history, my experience with undercover journalism in criminal elements, my work with those facing houselessness, my economic and political stances (not similar to a large percentage of the crypto community), my dreams, my travels, the reason behind my lack of family, who my heroes and inspirations are, or practically anything else about me.


As aforementioned, my direct email is currently hophum@proton.me, my Wire and Wickr usernames are both "infidelis", and my Twitter & other social media are in the process of being restarted. If you need to reach me but do not wish to use these mediums, I am potentially willing to reach out to you elsewhere, but those means of connection must have at least some modicum of security, anonymity, and "burnability".
  I make it a priority to burn all of my internet representations and start them over fresh every so often. I am currently in the process of doing this with my social media, so any new accounts I link here will appear as unproven, unverified accounts. However, my last two Twitter accounts had between 35- and 50-thousand followers, my last instagram had a little more than 5,000 followers, and I do not use Facebook currently. Also, given the recent activities at Twitter I have decided to search for a practical alternative for the time being. I am debating on whether to go with Hive, Mastadon, CounterSocial, and a number of others. Wherever I am accessible directly will be added here as the are created.

I respect and understand the strength shown by those within the LGBTQIA+ realm of society. As such I appreciate those who are willing to put forth their pronouns in a show of support of trans persons. My personal pronouns are currently "he/him".


I lost every dime I ever had in savings through the consecutive failure of Celsius and FTX. I am not going to list the amount as it isn't some huge number, but given that I had made a conscious decision to begin saving using products that yielded a return (understanding that high yeild equates to high risk), it was a significant amount to me. This has currently left me in a world of pain as I am unable to cover all of my expenses, bills, and debts without the backing of said savings. I am currently working full-time but it has, as of yet, been insufficient to satisfy my financial needs. That being said, I am presently pretty desperate for work and assistance in any available forms. If you have any suggestions of such, please send them my way.


I am setting up a new GitHub here with this account for two main reasons--to help ensure privacy and security, and to give me a clean slate to begin working within the github boundaries again.

Commit message:

Added SM info
Added CounterSocial and Hive contact info

README.md, after:

Well hello there. Below is who hopefulhumanist is in a nutshell.


As an introduction, you can call me infidelis. My government issued, parentally-chosen name shall continue to remain need-to-know. I hail from the southeastern United States, but my current location may very well be there, New York, London, Tokyo, Nice (France), Cambridge (UK), or any number of other places. I have been travelling pretty frequently for the last few years in an effort to take on as much new knowledge and experience as possible. If you would like to reach me directly, feel free to contact me via HOPHUM@PROTON.ME, or via Wickr or Wire at username "infidelis".


I am currently working in a community relations role for two different blockchain/crypto/decentralization projects. One of these was founded by my colleague and I, and the other will remain unnamed in an effort to avoid any contract breaches. That being said, I am currently seeking alternative positions in which I can use my skills with community growth and management, product management, writing, content creation, marketing, and public relations. If you or someone you know needs help in such areas, please feel free to contact me directly. 


Alongside working on multiple projects in a professional capacity, I am currently working to develop skills as a software developer, security engineer, and data analyst. These things are difficult prompts, so if you have any suggestions I would appreciate them.


As aforementioned, I am seeking to collaborate with projects who need help in the non-technical arena--community engagement, community growth, technical write-ups, content creation, translation (I speak German and English proficiently, and am conversational in Spanish), product management, user moderation, data analysis, presentation development, marketing, problem resolution, or the like. 


If you have an interest in learning more about me, feel free to ask me about my education history, my experience with undercover journalism in criminal elements, my work with those facing houselessness, my economic and political stances (not similar to a large percentage of the crypto community), my dreams, my travels, the reason behind my lack of family, who my heroes and inspirations are, or practically anything else about me.


As aforementioned, my direct email is currently hophum@proton.me, my Wire and Wickr usernames are both "infidelis", and my Twitter & other social media are in the process of being restarted. If you need to reach me but do not wish to use these mediums, I am potentially willing to reach out to you elsewhere, but those means of connection must have at least some modicum of security, anonymity, and "burnability".
  I make it a priority to burn all of my internet representations and start them over fresh every so often. I am currently in the process of doing this with my social media, so any new accounts I link here will appear as unproven, unverified accounts. However, my last two Twitter accounts had between 35- and 50-thousand followers, my last instagram had a little more than 5,000 followers, and I do not use Facebook currently. Also, given the recent activities at Twitter I have decided to search for a practical alternative for the time being. I am debating on whether to go with Hive, Mastadon, CounterSocial, and a number of others. Wherever I am accessible directly will be added here as the are created.
    Update #1: I can now also be found on CounterSocial and Hive at username "infidelis" (same username as elsewhere)
  

I respect and understand the strength shown by those within the LGBTQIA+ realm of society. As such I appreciate those who are willing to put forth their pronouns in a show of support of trans persons. My personal pronouns are currently "he/him".


I lost every dime I ever had in savings through the consecutive failure of Celsius and FTX. I am not going to list the amount as it isn't some huge number, but given that I had made a conscious decision to begin saving using products that yielded a return (understanding that high yeild equates to high risk), it was a significant amount to me. This has currently left me in a world of pain as I am unable to cover all of my expenses, bills, and debts without the backing of said savings. I am currently working full-time but it has, as of yet, been insufficient to satisfy my financial needs. That being said, I am presently pretty desperate for work and assistance in any available forms. If you have any suggestions of such, please send them my way.


I am setting up a new GitHub here with this account for two main reasons--to help ensure privacy and security, and to give me a clean slate to begin working within the github boundaries again.
